hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a horror film called the autopsy
of jang do
be ready for some spoilers ahead in the
investigation of a local crime scene
a sheriff finds a young girl's body
buried in the basement
they tried to id her but came up with
nothing so they called her
jane doe the odd thing is all the dead
bodies they found in the scene had very
obvious wounds
but this one not even a scratch was
found on her
we're introduced to our main characters
the father and son
tommy and austin their daily job
consists of dissecting horrifically
disfigured bodies
while playing rock and roll musics i
really can't say that i
envy their jobs but they seem to be
enjoying it
in fact austin even brings his
girlfriend down in the morgue
to show off and she wants to see the
most gruesome dead body
talk about having a girlfriend with
strong tastes their little misbehavior
is caught by the father
and guess what he even encourages her to
look at the most disgusting ones
i guess the tree doesn't grow far from
the apple or was it the other way around
anyways the girlfriend notices a bell
tied around the foot of the bodies and
wonders why
the father explains that it's merely a
tradition to verify the body is in fact
deceased
personally though i think it's for the
safety of the morgue workers
because when they hear the bell they
should really get the heck out
the boyfriend was supposed to hang out
with the girl tonight but the sheriff
brought the body of the dead girl here
and demands that they figure out her
cause of death by morning
so what does the boyfriend do he chooses
to spend time with the dead girl
and tells the live one to come back in a
few hours
good choice indeed well at least the cat
disagrees
they start examining the body and finds
a bunch of weird stuff
her wrist and ankles are broken but
shows no signs of outward damage
she's got a really small waist grey eyes
a missing tooth
and her tongue is cut off her lady part
seems to be mutilated and her hair is
covered in peat
oh yeah and there was also this
they proceed to examine her organs but
this is when weird thing starts
happening
the radio begins making weird noises
almost like a screaming woman
then it cuts to this creepy music of
children singing
personally i would have left the
building at this point
but they decided to continue anyways and
found all sorts of damage to her
internal organs and they're confused as
to how this can happen
without external trauma they hear some
weird noises
and the sun goes out of the room he sees
a ghostly figure standing in the
corridor on the reflector
but when he turns around it's not there
anymore
another good sign that they should get
the heck out
the father finds a piece of cloth with
roman numerals in her stomach
but they can't make out its meaning rain
begins pouring down and the radio goes
bizarre again
this time almost like it's talking
directly to our main characters
finally the sun gets the hint that they
should probably leave
but it was too late an electric current
broke all the lights
and when they get up they find all the
dead bodies missing
except for jane doe they try to get out
from the back door
but something is preventing the doors
from opening
strange sounds starts coming from the
corridor and they ran into the office
locking themselves in the father tried
to make a phone call to the sheriff
but the signal keeps on getting cut they
both
freeze in fear however when they hear
the sound of a bell ring
accompanied by footsteps right outside
their door
whatever that is outside begins shaking
the door
violently in an attempt to get in the
two tries to block the entrance with
some furnitures
and eventually the knocking stops
the father takes a break in the washroom
but is attacked by something unknown
the two runs out and back into the
dissection room
locking the door behind the creature
follows them again
and tries to break in and we are
confirmed that it is indeed
one of the dead bodies that was lying in
the morgue
in a state of panic they tried to burn
jane's body to make all this stop
but their efforts are fruitless it seems
like some energy is protecting the body
from destruction
austin peeks outside the door and
notices the creature is gone
and the elevator is working again due to
the generator
the two rushes into the elevator but
another dead body
follows them behind they tried to close
the door unsuccessfully
so tommy takes an axe and swings it
outside
the two exits the elevator and to their
horror
they kill the son's girlfriend the son
grieves in pain
but they decide that they must go back
and find out exactly how jane's body is
doing all this
in order to stop all the madness they
cut open jane's head and retrieves a
sample of her brain matter
austin is shocked when he looked at it
from the microscope
since it shows blood flowing meaning
that the girl is in fact
alive they also found the meaning of the
symbols on the cloth
she swallowed as referring to a page to
the old testament
the father gets the book and it clearly
points to jane
as being a witch he theorizes that jane
was tortured because she was a witch
and this is her form of revenge killing
everyone that comes in contact with her
body
with this realization tommy begs chain
to spare his son
and take him instead all the traumas
then begins transferring themselves onto
tommy
while jane's body begins to recover he
collapses on the floor in pain
and austin is forced to put him out of
his misery
all the light suddenly comes back on and
radio returns to normal
austin goes to the back door and hears
the sheriff clearing the tree that was
blocking the entrance
he tells austin to try and open the door
but no matter how hard he tries
it won't budge even a little then
something truly horrific happens
[Music]
austin backs off in fear and when he
turns around
sees his dead father he then trips and
falls to his death
the sheriff comes the next morning and
finds a troubling scene
the father son and girlfriend are all
dead
but the corpses never moved
interestingly
jane's body is also unharmed like the
autopsy never happened
we also hear from the radio that it
hasn't rained for four days
the sheriff tells his team to move the
body to another lab for a better
examination
during transportation we can hear the
driver's radio malfunctioning
and the same creepy music begins playing
again
personally i think tommy and austin both
suffer from an illusion which jane's
body was able to place them under
this explains the ring the walking
corpses
and how the girlfriend was mistakenly
killed
through all these deaths jane somehow
absorbs their life energy
and regenerates herself therefore her
body is always unharmed in the end
and she remains alive forever
so what do you guys think about the
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you